is is trying to reach her mother in
Northern Gaza but she's having no luck
she left Gaza 4 years ago for tur's gazi
an now she's relying on friends and news
reports to find out what's happening in
Gaza while watching TV isra saw an
injured woman close to the Indonesian
Hospital the neighborhood where her
family lives she says the woman looked
like her
mother till now I couldn't verify this
woman was my mother or not or if my
family was among the dead or wounded I'm
a human being many scenarios are passing
through my mind am I left alone in life
now what am I going to do if something
happened to them or how can I help them
from
here living in the same city Muhammad
hasn't heard from his father and brother
in Gaza for days his uncle said he had
been standing in an area which was
bombed my father called me that day for
some reason I was busy and I couldn't
pick up according to to what I heard
where he was standing was bombed minutes
after he called me when my mother
reached there she was told he was taken
to hospital since then we don't have any
information they might even be in South
Gaza now phone lines and the internet
are limited in Gaza it's causing
uncertainty for many Palestinians living
abroad I don't know if my family was
among those people who are on the roads
to go south I can't reach them now I
live here in extra fear because I have
nobody here I live alone I'm scared to
see my family as victims of one of those
massacres
happening these are unsettling days and
Palestinians and turkey hope that their
families in Gaza are still alive and
they can be safely reunited soon cam
kolu
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer